Editorial review: Document nested pseudo-elements (#38680)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/pseudo-elements/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> When a [selector list](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_selectors/Selector_structure#selector_list) contains an invalid selector, the entire style block is ignored.

> ## Nested pseudo-elements

Author: Good call; I've moved the section to after all the other sections, and updated the name to "Nesting pseudo-elements"

> ## Nested pseudo-elements

Reviewer: thank you!

> Some pseudo-element selectors can be chained together to enable styling pseudo-elements that are nested inside other pseudo-elements. The following nested pseudo-elements currently have styling support:

Author: updated

- {{CSSxRef("::after")}}

>   - `::after::marker`: Selects the list {{CSSxRef("::marker")}} of an `::after` pseudo-element that is itself a list item, that is, it has its {{CSSxRef("display")}} property set to `list-item` (no other elements generate `::marker` pseudo-elements).

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
  - `::after::marker`: Selects the {{CSSxRef("::marker")}} pseudo-element of an `::after` pseudo-element, when `::after` is styled as a list item {{CSSxRef("display", "display: list-item")}}.
```

Reviewer: Can we move this info "(no other elements generate `::marker` pseudo-elements)." out as a note after the bulleted list? Can be reworded as suggested previously: "Only pseudo-elements with `display: list-item` generate a `::marker` pseudo-element."

> - {{CSSxRef("::before")}}
>   - `::before::marker`: Selects the list {{CSSxRef("::marker")}} of a `::before` pseudo-element that is itself a list item, that is, it has its {{CSSxRef("display")}} property set to `list-item`.

Reviewer: and similarly
```suggestion
- {{CSSxRef("::before")}}
  - `::before::marker`: Selects the {{CSSxRef("::marker")}} pseudo-element of a `::before` pseudo-element, when `::before` is styled as a list item {{CSSxRef("display", "display: list-item")}}.
```

Author: updated as suggested

> Check out the individual pseudo-element reference pages to find examples and specific browser compatibility information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the individual pseudo-element reference pages for examples and browser compatibility information.
```

Author: updated
